## Lifecycle methods
Lifecycle methods are special methods on the Component class that run some code
when a component mounts or unmounts. Below are the normal methods and lifecycle methods called in order.

### Component Creation Lifecycle:
1. constructor() { } =>
> This method runs as soon as the component is is initialised.
```
constructor(props) {
   super(props);
   this.state = {}; // we can also initialise state here
}
```
>       This is the default template of the constructor. If we want to add some
>       functionality in the constructor, we need to add this bit of code as well.

1. static getDerievedStateFromProps(props, state) {}
> It is used to update state based on props. Don't use it to cause any side effects

1. render() {}

1. render child components and all their lifecycle components

1. componentDidMount() {}
> View has been initialised in the DOM.
> perfect place to cause side effects and/or use dom nodes


### Component Updation Lifecycle:
1. static getDerievedStateFromProps(props, state) {}
> return new state on prop changes. Don't use it to cause any side effects

1. shouldComponentUpdate(nextProps, nextState) {}
> We decide here whether react should run an update cycle or not.
> Returns boolean. Used for performance optimization. Don't cause any side
> effects or call the `setState` method.

1. render() {}
> Update Child Component Prop

1. getSnapshotBeforeUpdate(prevProps, prevState) {}
> return value is passed as 3rd arg to `componentDidUpdate`

1. componentDidUpdate(prevProps, prevState, snapshot) {}
> perfect place to cause side effects and/or use dom nodes


### Unmounting Phase:
1. componentWillUnmount()
> Invoked immediately before a component is unmounted and destroyed.
> Can be used to cancel any subscriptions, remove event handlers, invalidating timers.


### Error Handling Phase methods
1. static getDerivedStateFromError(error) {}
1. componentDidCatch(error, info)
> Discussed in detail in the error boundary concept.
