### Compute
* EC2
* ECS
* Lambda
* AWS Batch
  - Managed Batch Processing Service
  - Similar to Lambda (but this suited for processing on batches of events instead of on individual event)
  - Differences with Lambda
    - No time limit
	- Any runtime as long as it is packaged as a Docker image
	- Rely on EBS / instance store for disk space
	- Relies on EC2 instances (can be managed by AWS)
* AWS LightSail
  - Virtual servers, storage, databases, networking, etc.
  - Low and Predictable Pricing
  - Simpler alternative to using EC2, RDS, ELB, EBS, Route 53, etc.
  - Great for people with little cloud experience.
  - Can setup notifications and monitoring of your LightSail resources
  - Usecases
    - Simple Web Apps
	- Websites (templates for WordPress, Magento, Plesk, Joomla)
	- Dev/Test/staging environments
  - Has high availability, but no auto-scaling, and limited AWS integrations.

### Databases
* RDS (Relational Database Service) (for OLTP: Online Transaction Processing): We can have MySQL, Postgre,
Aurora engines on this.
  - Aurora is an proprietary Relational DB service which provides us with MySQL and Postgre editions.
  Benefit of using this is highly efficient and has long term cost optimizations. But it has some overhead
  costs. It is basically cloud-optimized.
* ElastiCache - Managed Redis and/or Memcached service
* DynamoDB: NoSQL DB, easy replication across 3 AZs, auto-scaling, millions of requests per second,
low latency in single-digit milliseconds, KeyValue store
* Redshift (based on Postgre) (for OLAP: Online analytical processing, and not for OLTP)
  - Columnar data store
  - Massively Parallel Query Execution (MPP), highly available
  - Pay as you go
  - SQL interface to query
  - BI tools like AWS Quicksight and Tableau integrated with it
* Amazon EMR (Elastic MapReduce)
  - Helps creating Hadoop Clusters (Big data) to analyze and process vast amounts of data
  - The clusters can be made of 100s of EC2 instances
  - Also supports Apache Spark, HBase, Presto, Flink
  - EMR takes care of all the provisioning and configurations
  - Auto scaling and integrated with Spot instances
  - Use cases are ML, Data processing, Web Indexing, Big data
* Athena
  - Fully serverless DB with SQL capabilities
  - Use to query data in S3
  - Pay per query
  - Output results back to S3
  - Use cases are one-time SQL queries, serverless queries on S3, log analytics
* DMS (Database Migration Service)
  - EC2 instance running DMS uses source DB to migrate DB to Destination DB in AWS
  - Quickly and securely migrate DBs to AWS, resilient, self-healing
  - The source DB remains available during Migration
  - Supports Homogeneous migrations (Postgre to Postgre) and Heterogeneous migrations (MySQL to Postgre)
* AWS Glue
  - Managed ETL service
  - Sits in the middle, extracts data from S3 or RDS, does transformation with the script we provided and
  then we can load the transformed data to Redshift for analytics, etc
  - Fully serverless service
  - Glue Data Catalog is central repository to store structural and operational metadata for data assets in AWS Glue
  which can be used to generate Schemas, etc.
